you want some more caramel corn over the
melons all be thankful turn the food
yeah no little ladies and gentlemen
welcome back to my bed so the reason why
we're on my bed today Ralph I'm at my
desk because my desk semester in towards
my bedroom I'm gonna fix that up shortly
anyway so what came in today was
something called a Japan crate not going
to show my shipping information because
well that's bad for me anyways it I this
is not a sponsored video guys I promise
um basically this ships from Japan
obviously and I have the premium
subscription how much do I pay for this
I don't know anyways it's Japanese
candies snacks and sodas and etc so this
is the package what comes in now we just
gotta take the tape off and then open
this box up and today I'm my Swiss Army
knife who is it Zenden no it's not
whoops so yeah today isn't booster box
it is depend on
well surely staff Japan great
hi-yah so it's also got very potent
stuff in here volume 23 of Japan cream
pardon the background dogged um so may
is the Sugoi crate anyways just reading
the thing we got some tohat Oh caramel
corn for sweet or whatever the that
is all right
cheese I think you're definite I think
most ramen noodles it's not packaged
this is a candy it says oh it's the soda
candy okay here look at this thing
but even what okay I'm going to open
this or even what
okay this the sticker oh it's a puzzle
guys I got salute Serena's
fennekin braixen and delphox use the
solution is all and description and
stuff except I can't read Japanese
so look more into that later there's a
lot of sweets and I have no idea what
the hell that is
oh it's a big light thing
well it's light I'm in up got some lemon
soda lemon cider like she need choco
cornet feeling that's like a cheese
thing with the caramel corn
uh-huh you saw that yeah it's not like
all Swiss roll here chef on the front
ice cream station know what the hell
that is
those are the ramen noodle things Toki
marshmallow
I think one piece I don't watch one
piece I'll give this away and cream
koala it's not Cologne but well what do
sweets test actually alright guys so I'm
growth my brothers today I already show
you guys what's in the box and now we
get to actually eat within the pucks
so we're going to start with this
caramel corn stuff it kind of looks like
caterpillars like fried caterpillars
mm-hmm could be our favorite
I hope here is that it there that's bad
mmm it smells like caramel corn good you
take the first one and it's fried
caterpillars at the same time right
cheers sir the idea one oh it gets
really bland what's that taste at the
end do you say that no ok enjoying with
it like try the end in it like focus on
the taste yeah I guess we're done here
though
oh you so it tastes like caramel
corn a bit and it's just tasting like
sugar crisp that's what it is like if
you live that - right so congrats as
morally good copy it does no Lord to
call it cocky go just more coffee yeah
yeah it's okay um we'll see the big ones
for last
um I don't know what this stuff is that
looks like a celery stick I don't know
yeah it's the celery that says mobile
mobile I'm assuming its Mogu flavored
well whatever that is no it's a coruña
cremate this looks Japanese completed to
me
Oh sick so pizza would look smell that
okay smell that yeah but look I by
looking fit though it's a piece of wood
and try the cheers Cheers
try get a bucket what is this yeah is it
gross we're playing that away I'm not
even gonna try that guys remember stay
away from the Moga motel awake hey
you're back we're not bad would you want
to care for sarna albums I don't care
well good I need your likes pony is it
at first when I first put my mouth my
cardboard I'm going to try this later
it's just wrong the noodles but I put
when I first made by Konami booth yeah
when I first piece of wood my mouth
tasted like cardboard
firstly I thought cardboard oh no I got
this one next I want you to know what
this is how is like anal be house a
communal okay and the circular knew oh
oh oh it's corn its corn flavored like
it's roasted corn some roasted corn
I think gross chart
oh sweet corn I think
listen I gotta go
it's actually really good I like that
it's not corn but it's sweet
so it's sweet corn yep it's really good
and after you
yeah behavior gonna have to enjoy that
later okay so next trip we need to wash
this down guys with our Suicider just
like lemon maybe it's not really loving
some lemonade negative lemony oh whoa
look at that
Oh take a book city you can smell the
lemon oh it's totally just sprite I have
my cup a huge party over there
it's pretty much straight
right with alcohol but it's 1% in yeah
yeah I I didn't read it until you took a
tip I think you talked to Holly guys
well cider is alcoholic not apple cider
but they have a thing well apple cider
is meant to be alpha Hawaiian split them
the ones that we got when you're kids
its Deok annoys oh you got a portal
button oh I just saw that it's cool yeah
I got a portal carry pac-man key
well I knew the bread vegetables he got
that comic-con that was gonna be
uploaded before this not the hack
obviously Noah's plan on putting your
head I don't know what the hell this is
it's really late though it's after 6:00
and I feel like it'll be like a all of
the crunchy bar it was sort of looking
at our bar maybe lots of air
first called arrow by tile your most of
Italy hers like yes okay we're have to
tell flat on top oh this one's really
good
well I think it's coated in late looks
like it
the Japanese take a put it in a
wrapper okay we're just whip this in
half um cherry wait dad oh that's not
what the hell it's like ice puns on the
other side chair oh really
buns on the inside or something
chocolate outside my hand inside
are you tight Strasse I don't know it's
really soft on the inside it is I can
you chew it it just feels like the
outside part I guess it's a good still
because it's shipped from Japan but none
of the best thing in the world it's more
coffee crisp that might be what it is it
might be coffee Japanese coffee per can
why you guys translate this for me
please thanks Dom copy Chris this is the
sort of candy I think cuz it's a candy
just soda cake there's a picture of soda
on some blue bar big howdy people it's
not it's almond powder so you can throw
that coal all right away cool up oh it's
it's happy I think oh oh we get the good
stuff voice hey sorry
anyway close the skin oh yeah it sounds
like coke
is it gum it tastes like coca-cola go
I don't know what is it swallow this
like it has the hard beginning of like
when you first put in a new piece
account I'm swallowing your name like
it's got the concession to your gum
right that's why I'm not sure if I could
swallow it
well it's fruit isn't it says gum Nigam
sugar millet jelly palm oil gelatin
sweetened condensed no elastic that's
gum it's makeup it's good gum I like it
I guess whatever you're gonna swallow it
like I did I don't know it is very good
though
okay the Japanese can do their gum
we need Coca Cola flavored gum and you
might want to finish that quick because
now we have like an to job because now
we have cream : comes from your plight
oh so funny okay Oh Japanese are so
creative with how they take their oh
it's a bunch of them I'm good so this is
like stuff that they would sell in
convenience stores like it open it up
and you just a 2 pack and pay for the
pack right now we got the whole box it's
like a booster box like the Pope on
drugs yeah you see if there's X's 1 /
Packard
oh there's multiple so we'll just have
one packing right now oh it smells like
it's strawberry
they even smell the strawberry halos
Cheers
what a bit like a strawberry cheesecake
or something I think that's why it is
feels like a dog treat oh wow it's
really bland it's got the scent but got
no taste to 100 bucks try another since
we got likes it might be the Galman they
might be that you gone mad no I think it
might be the crop the press the homeless
a lot better actually I've got an idea
not one not so much the way I had in the
middle they're very good
I like to cross to them we kind of eat
around thing you know this uh doc
there's a lot of candy um nice up you
got what I think was cheese it might be
cheese you know the last one but :
hit me see you eat the bread person and
eat the strawberry Center teacher
yeah try that you should try it I'll try
on it because like mini brains some
school ah-so us cheese thanks very much
Cheeseman's Stevens oh no they're sweet
what they're sweet
they smell like cheese but they taste
sweet I taste TVs or saw a petite it's
sweeter cheese but in a small package
hope it on distance in a second so we're
you knew our little ice-cream stand for
laughs oh yeah there's this thing that a
little Swiss roll with L Rauh Barry
probably coconut Oh God
my package looks a lot nicer you can
comment so here's the package here's
what it actually looks like you doing it
see me read there it's that the package
is a lot prettier whole bunch really
soft here you go
I was actually really good I like that
the aptitude you actually like at first
you you it's a little bland and then the
taste comes in afterward which is really
nice
what's up with Japan lowering your
expectations I'm bringing them up again
so they don't have to say thank thing
next up we have Cheney choco corn they
look like Sherrington but less plain and
for edibility other stars in so it's
probably gonna be more sweet corn much
off the plate all right wouldn't say
that later
looks like cereal looks like I talked
with Cheerios I'm Scott Smith seen where
we put or use in a bowl and pour milk
into chocolate Cheerios boys but
starting
they kind of remind me of pretzels it's
all gonna be impressed with chocolate on
it sir poor thing
I don't know how I feel about this
all right with it actually you can't
take the actual inside of them you can
taste the chocolate you know this cost
me 15 bucks really for the pack
I got a three month subscription so this
can come in two more teams and in $15
can make this is Mays crate May it's
great that means this kid is gonna do
two more videos from ago look what we
got this existed I even know what this
is what is that it doesn't say but it
has till next month before it goes bad
per second caring say there's no
pictures of food for people yet we're
resorting to cannibalism here guys
chunks meeting my demons apparently
tastes really sweet
mm-hm wait no well at least the Japanese
because last time I checked I tasted
like chicken but I don't like myself
when I was a kid Bank I probably chicken
the night before or a few minutes ago
oh oh not on my floor go I don't
know dude what oh it looks like Captain
Crunch
it would be looks like a cheap run I
think Ron Captain Crunch guys and
Japanese form holy crap well spike oh I
like that
your faceless thing I don't know you can
sack on that put that aside for now
sure Tom or beyond a little bit spicy
but it's a bit sweeter
our last sweet is an ice cream stand
oh yeah um oh it's a bamboo shoot I
think if I you said oh it's an ice cream
scant scant scandal by you thought it
can't be an ice cream stand
voice what wait what how do you hold on
phone I'm not you build it
it's filmfare know there's a cat I don't
even know what animal that is what is
that
where are you there what it it's the
bear like I can see that being a penguin
like a bear I helped us a cat or a bear
bear I told you sorry guys it's gonna
take me a minute to build no come on
just just okay I'm trying
sighs it you see oh we're gonna need
watered and Disney Holly we're gonna put
this probably where we're gonna put the
ice cream oh whoa wait wait wait hold on
what are you got like low animals of it
ah am I gonna bother opening the rest
because it looks too complicated you
need scissors himself
hey I'll have scissors
yeah but no we're not be stopped
okay enough but you know I hear we can
make them like physics in so I so we
don't go Lou no I'll eat it that
one poor thing your buddy is ahead it's
a car I think Wow
oh so we don't need water no then what
the heck is it so hold this hold the
candy this evenin liked it in color
order yes totally fit - and a sign huh
oh it's not going to work then um
there's four huge color so well this
well I mean like this board aha not all
white the wood what I'm worrying room
well there's more than four colors
[Music]
here we go together this is our last
thing there's a few more in here but a
lot more trip let's start with this
which color do you want the idea I want
yellow but white green or pink let's
just start we all away Grande pink upset
with yellow yours mine mine's a little
ribbon I don't even know what mine is
what is that it's a deal
it's a slime monster ah its bamboo shoot
basically it's cookie and chocolate okay
which color do we want next whichever
one that is green one take yours
you got a pumpkin and I got with a
lampshade a lamp said I'll eat those
ones holy Oh
we lost not nothing from yours then you
get the way win that belt it tastes the
same
why are we any more big they all think
the same you're going to teach good a
stop here in open your mouth Ian hoping
to out look out open your mouth
okay sure oh let me zoom missing again
you can review difficulty your mouth ah
I get the last one dirty whore are you
done guys that was today but we got
really up at the end I need to
drink this because my mouth to drying
out your is all be really dry after here
you know VIN your mouth put in your
Jorge fan no it's just um the chakras
are very - yeah it's a Japanese
tradition to feed the other person do it
again do it go in we're going to ready
look back
[Laughter]
[Music]
nothing nothing
brother listen you can have the rest of
that line company okay are you really
really interested now was Mays Japan
crate if you guys want to Japan crate
I'm gonna leave the link in the
description this is not a sponsored
video a Japan crate please sponsor me I
don't taste more of your sweets that
isn't spicy like the would like your
would be a joke there's a peanut at the
bottom up which I do it so I'm gonna do
what we've been doing this entire video
I've been abused oh my god peanut why is
there a penis
quiet be no no no hey that there would
have been a quieter beards he's not an
electric ones from peanuts the whole
penis why they're weak appearance no I
ate like four in that run this for pH
mmm thanks hey okay who's there's one
for
we went to the client Burma my heritage